adds embed direct messages information (#17)
Fastlane-LLC/vendor-api-docs: source/includes/_direct_messages.md

Body Parameter | Description | Required?
-------------- | ----------- | ---------
message | The direct message to be sent to LossExpress | Y

## Embed Direct Messages

> This allows for the above Direct Message functionality to be embedded into an iframe and used via UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for the above Direct Message functionality to be embedded into an iframe, serving the same experience we currently offer via our interface.
```

Author: ![Screen Shot 2021-12-03 at 12 03 09](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25518370/144650953-aaedfdd4-f5d9-415d-a516-9ca0d60711e5.png)
done!
